Add test to check parameters for errors and httpErrorCodes (#125)
duckduckgo/privacy-reference-tests: broken-site-reporting/README.md

- `model` - string - name of the device model (native apps only)
- `os` - string - operating system name (native apps only)
- `gpcEnabled` - boolean - if GPC is enabled or not (native apps only) - GPC can be disabled by user or by remote config

> - `errorDescription` - string - optional field containing a description from an error generated by failed page load

Reviewer: Like below, so name as `errorDescriptions`

Test case: `["net::ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED","net::ERR_ABORTED"]` should become `%5B%22net%3A%3AERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED%22%2C%22net%3A%3AERR_ABORTED%22%5D`

> - `errorDescriptions` - [string] - optional field containing descriptions from errors generated by failed page loads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `errorDescriptions` - array of strings - optional field containing descriptions from errors generated by failed page loads
```

> - `httpStatusCode` - int - optional field containing the HTTP status code returned by the page load

Reviewer: There can be multiple codes, so make this `httpStatusCodes` and an array

E.g., for an array [304, 200], on Firefox we'd see this sent as `304%2C200` (can you add that as a test case please?)

If we want to keep the naming consistent, we could use `httpErrorCodes` here
